[Music]
alrighty then who is the right person
for you finding the right person to
share your life with is super important
we all want to make the right choice to
be happy about take this test to find
out what type of person is the right one
for you you will answer 10 questions
I'll give you five seconds for each
answer you will see the number of points
you get for this or that answer after
each question counting down from number
ten we know you are one of a kind and so
you deserve someone special
what talent would you appreciate most in
your prospective partner a the ability
to love and care is the best talent ever
the great problem solver see any
creative talent will do music painting
poetry D speaking foreign languages
including sarcasm like that's more like
a dialect
[Music]
hey get your 30 B is 20 C is 40 D is 10
question 9 what do you look forward to
doing together with your partner most of
all a introducing my love to all my
family and spending time together with
them be attending all the social events
together see try crazy new things like
bungee jumping also traveling the world
deep enjoying the little things from
watching sunrises - singing along in the
car
a equals 30 B 20 C 10 D 40 number 8 it's
date night and you decide to watch a
movie together which of the following
movies would you want to share and enjoy
with your s o significant other a meet
the parents
B Breakfast at Tiffany's or any other
good old vintage see spider-man Wonder
Woman the Avengers action please D the
wolf of Wall Street I want someone with
an appreciation for dark humor
[Music]
a is 30 points B 40 C 10 D 20 number
seven we all have our ups and downs when
sharing your problems with your partner
how do you expect him or her to react a
listen to you and not understandingly
then hug it out B come up with some
crazy unexpected solution ideas the
planning alone can be so much fun you
will forget about your troubles C
surprise you with a poem or a song they
wrote just for you a support dance will
also do D discuss the problem
constructively to find a solution that
will actually work
[Music]
a is 30 B 10 C 40 D 26
what would you never give up for your
relationship a freedom to move around
the world be my career goals see my
style and my good taste in music and art
D there's nothing I would give up for my
boo
[Music]
a equals ten points B 20 C 40 D 35 your
prospective Esso must have some nickname
given by his or her friends which of the
following sound most appealing to you a
savior B Rumia see the big wheel D
troublemaker a is 30 points B is 40 C is
20 D is 10
speaking of nicknames you can also take
this test to find out which one is
perfect for you
now here's number 4 hearing which of the
following phrases from your partner
would be an absolute deal breaker for
you a I lost my job and I think money is
highly overrated B I don't really get
that whole marriage thing see I think
it's time to settle down and get serious
D I don't care about how you feel I had
a bad day too and football is on
a is 20 points B is 30 C is 10 D is 40
number three let's suppose you have
found your other half
all your friends are happy for you and
asked you to describe your relationship
using one emoji what is it going to be a
[Music]
two hearts be fireworks C heart eyes D
romantic sunset a is 30 points B is 10 C
is 20 D is 40 question to imagine you
have made it to diamond ring stage what
would your ideal honeymoon look like a
trekking in the Himalayas be Disney
World Adventures seed Caribbean cruise D
euro trip bring on the museums and sites
[Music]
a is 10 points B is 30 C is 20 D is 40
and the number one question which of the
following sounds like a perfect
anniversary gift from your loved one
something really sweet and personal like
a 100 reasons why I love you handmade
booklet B tickets to some exciting
destination C cooking something special
for dinner and dancing the night away D
I think I deserve something expensive a
fancy vintage wash maybe a is 40 points
B is 10 C is 30 D is 20 time to do some
math and find out the results if you
have 100 to 150 points you'll be happy
with an adventurer trying new things
together traveling the world looking for
special in the ordinary and being bold
and spontaneous is what you appreciate
most in life we hope you find a fellow
free spirit to share it all with soon
you got 160 to 220 points in that case a
materialist is out there waiting for you
maybe that well-organized successful
individual will walk into your life
tomorrow who knows together you will
happily plan your future and follow that
plan achieving every life goal you will
both work hard at your office and on
your relationship and it will make it
last
those who scored 232 300 points will be
in a harmonious relationship with a
family man or woman you can't wait to
settle down and start living with a
person who will share your values and
beliefs trustworthy strong and really
supportive these are the qualities you
will recognize your true love by if your
score is 310 to 400 points
a romantic dreamer will come into your
life and stay there for good you need
someone to chase sunsets with to fly you
to the moon then let you play among the
stars without leaving your own home and
to give you all the love and admiration
you deserve do you agree the result you
got is the right one for you feel free
to share in the comment section give
this video a like if you found it fun if
it gets 50,000 likes we'll share another
test focusing on relationships subscribe
to our channel to always stay on the
bright side
[Music]